welcome my name is Keegan today I'm
gonna show you how to make an ipod touch
the second generation or first
generation doc pretty straightforward
dr. ipod touch the doc is actually down
here it doesn't look like much but it
actually worked very well if you listen
to everything I say no first things
first got your doc okay first no
first-generation users do up please saw
do not solve first generation users do
not sell anything second generation
users saw and cut when I tell you to
this earphone hall i'll tell you about
later and your supplies you will need a
doc about a 45 inch box at least it goes
off the ground and an ipod 2.0 cable for
your computer they're pretty
straightforward capable comes with your
ipod and go ahead and buy it at walmart
or the iTunes stores about thirty
dollars all right now what you're going
to do you take it and then you're gonna
draw a line around it then you're going
to flip the doc upside down so like the
bottom is facing you and then you're
going to trace a line and then you're
going to go in a boat you're going to
cut in about point maybe like to two or
three millimeters into the box will fit
in snugly now note that little this
little thing you gotta cut extra not too
much but a little bit extra okay now
what you gonna do is you're just going
to keep on cutting it until it fits
snugly and do not tape or anything right
now you'll have to do that later else
everything else will fit okay now next
what you're going to do you going to
remember first generation ipod touch
users do not saw or anything with your
doc second generation ipod users you're
going to saw your dog and who not and
you're just gonna make sure it fits on
snugly in there sorry moving a box over
here fit snugly in
sorry it's kind of hard not so good make
sure make sure you can see the charger
popping out of there and a little here
I'll show you the little grey line right
there I'm little you probably can't see
it because my camera is crappy a little
gray line that's on your iPod always
faces you got it and it goes on little
line right there where the back ends
okay and then after that good like I
said going to take it make sure the
great part is facing towards you not
like this it always goes on me the grape
our faces away from this okay stick that
in there what I'm gonna do is different
than what you're gonna do you can glue
it which I do not recommend in case it
gets in the micro processing thing in
there or you're going to tape it and if
you don't put this in there which I'll
tell you about later like I said you're
gonna put tape all around there but
don't tape yet and you're going to tape
the dock down over here like I said do
not take you yeah now I'm going to tell
you about this little thing this little
thing as a whole i put in case i wanted
to listen to my music while i'm charging
my ipod with the dock you can use like
speakers speaker headphone so you can
put it in there your normal headphones
which will make sure you hear go out the
bottom of the box i'll tell you about
that in a second and yeah you can do
that all right now you can tape tape
take your tape don't put it inside the
dots but I put it around the edges of
the doc if you can see that just around
the edges so it's not inside it and on
to the box and then just do it all
around and just do that do the same
thing other side and on this part if you
put this in do not put over drip tape
over that just tape over that little put
stand and sit snugly so when you take
out your ipod it won't go with it now
about this this part you must put in
because if you don't you're going to get
screwed
you got to be able to put the charger
through it and make sure that when you
cut it got a little hole right there so
it'll be able to feed through here
whatever you do then you can just plug
it in your computer use your whole dock
here like thick your ipod right on there
yep works pretty well pretty snug looks
like it works like I said with the
earphone piece only do that if you
absolutely want to because we do be a
little bit harder to tape it and it'll
be a little bit harder to use your ipod
and any not too much harder but you know
i'm saying you get my point the home
button is going to be a little bit
harder to access and if you have the
three-point over and we're update this
will be a lot easier because the because
the USB cable reads it a lot easier than
the two-point then the two point one
point one four more so by the 30-point
over and where if you can so yes you
look look what happened to be you don't
tape it this thing is gonna come pop it
on like that so that's how you make a
ipod touch doc for free remember i also
put the supplies in the items list on
the side of the screen there where
you'll see my info four inch box off the
ground ipod dock and a knife scissors
and your table and you'll need a
computer or something like a wall
charger computer to make sure this will
work because if it doesn't you'll
probably get kind of mad and I guess
that's how you make a second generation
ipod dunk it worked very well and I'm
quite pleased with how I did it even
though it's a bit cruddy right now
when quite pleased it actually fits my
ipod and if you manage to do it
congratulations but if you have any
problems you can email me my you know I
just will be on the sidebar for info and
that's about it you can get my myspace
facebook or anything else youtube thing
on the side of the info bar no I'm
saying you can also get get any info
there and call on top contact me or
comment subscribe please thank you and
have a wonderful day I will be putting
on more videos of how to hack your iPod
or do stuff like this if you have any
ideas of what you want for free is
contact me